---
layout: Journal
title: who knows
date:   2023-03-05
categories: Journal
---

What to write, what to write? I've been told I should journal more. I have a journal to my future wife but I think that's just hurting more than anything. Obsession - I feel like I'm not allowing myself to be happy without someone. I like -- REDACTED -- a LOT but I feel like God is testing me. He is the one I need to focus on, not -- REDACTED --. Which really bothers me. I can see -- REDACTED --, I can text her and get a response. I feel like I'm losing my mind. I want to hear from God but I'm scared to actually sit down and talk to Him. I know what I need to do, I'm just scared.

Is it good for me to feel this way? What is "good"? To Job, good was having his family, friends, homestead, all intact. But to God, good was the trial he went through. Job endured much hardship such that the "good" could be a testament to endurance and the promise of God. That "good" still lives on THOUSANDS of years later after as long as people still remember that fable and look for it for encouragement. Isn't that interesting? A testament to Satan saying, "Your evil will endure for nothing, a mere few chapters in a rather long book. But My good will endure for eternity." Is that what God's doing to me? Allowing me to sit in my living room, alone, angry, questioning "why me?". Will there be grand stories about me? No. So why?

Honestly, I don't care about the divorce. Hindsight she was really a mean person and I feel sorry for her. My trouble is with -- REDACTED --. I can't seem to get out of my fucking head. Like I'm back in highschool with -- REDACTED2 --. -- REDACTED2 -- is out in New York, living a life of fortune and fame, it's a good thing we didn't end up together because we would have been a horrible couple. I like to chill, just have a day of laying in bed and holding/being held. Whereas, -- REDACTED2 -- fought back on sleep because she wasn't busy enough!! Who can live like that? She'll end up being our president some day, mark my words. But back to the point with -- REDACTED --. IT'S THE SAME FUCKING NEURONS FIRING IN MY BRAIN!!!!!! How do I stop this!??! I feel like "if it's not her, then it's all for naught". Why do I think this way?? My therapist said that this I'm being narcasistic. I don't get that either. I got a dating app, judgementally swipped for a few days then uninstalled that shit from my life. Literally, "are you pretty enough to warrant a chat?". THAT'S NARCASISTIC!!!!! Me seeing someone in the real world who is truly one of the most beautiful women I've ever seen and thinking to myself "just be patient, maybe she does like you too!?!"... Ugh... I told my ex the truth once, I thought it was a sweet thing because I thought she knew the truth, I told her once, "You are truly beautiful right now, and i'm not just saying that." I never thought she was pretty until December 2020 - December 2021. That 1 year I was truly enamored by her beautfy.... So why did we get married, you may ask?? Because - ironically - I thought her personality, faithfulness, loyalty, strength, sassy-ness, and selflessness was beautiful. I did the right thing and married a woman based on who I wanted when I was old and looks had faded. Now she's someeone elses problem. It makes me want to listen to -- REDACTED3 -- and -- REDACTED4 -- and just "fuck around". "Just go to the strip club down that road, lotta the girls there are lawyers, and get yourself laid man". "If my wife did that to me, I would be on tinder the next day." "I've gone through 50-60 women, it's not a big deal man." FUCK BOTH OF YOUUUUUUUU!!!!!!!!!! It is a big deal!!!! I gave my ex my virginity, I am NOT a perfect man, I've struggled with sin all my life but I loved her. I have a LOT of love to give someone, right now my mind is fixated on -- REDACTED -- but, do I need to focus it on myself?

People keep saying I need to be content being alone, and I know this is what God's working on with me too, but this sucks ass. I feel like Satan is blinding me right now. I CAN'T SEE THE GOOD!!!! All I see are miserable steps backwards in my life. My parents are coming this week and I want nothing more than them to cancel. WHY??! why do I not want to see them? I just want to run away to a different country and start a new life under a new name. I don't like this life I've been given. I don't like my mind or the way I think. I don't like Brad. What a thing to say to God. "Hey, God, you made me in your image, you've blessed me my whole life and I'm not content!! I just want to run away!!!" Sigh. God's not done with me yet, if He was then I wouldn't be here, writing this, I suppose.

You know what I want? I want someone to hold me in her arms, look me in the eyes, and say "Brad, I love you, you're MY man!" and to gently hold and kiss me. I don't wanna "fuck around" I don't care about that! Obviously, sex is a biological desire and I can't help that, but I care more about the NON-BIOLOGICAL trait, I CRAVE what biology DOESN'T need. Do we need friendship? No. We don't. I CRAVE A FRIEND WHO LOVES ME! Truly, Friendship love - Eros love - Affectionate love. That's what I want. 

When I felt safe and loved I got a degree I shouldn't have been able to attain. I moved to foreign land and made it mine. I got the certification people said I couldn't get. I became the best of Brad. But addicted - always addicted always flawed behind closed doors. Now I'm free of that addiction - to a degree, obviously it's a daily battle but it's been over 130 days that I've given in - and I'm now without the rest. That's what Satan wants me to think, wants me to correlate the addiction to the joy. What a bunch of bullshit.

8 billion people on this planet. Why am I here? Am I just another statistic? Just another point on a dataset that doesn't have enough weight to even fractionally make a difference? I'm not going to be written in earthly history books. I know that. Will I be written in Heavenly ones? Will I be considered a hero, like Job? Will I be just another statistic in Heaven? Just another light in a vast array of stars? 

I wonder who she will be, my next wife. I wonder how our lives will turn out? How will our children be? Our grandchildren? Will I be blessed with the luxury of fighting throughout the rest of my life with another human life? The harder life, the life of shared sorrow and misery. To give my all to another and share in her hurts, past, present and future? Why do we crave that? Some search for love purely for the biological fullfillment of it. The eros. That's what society focuses on because we all have some level of that. Biologically we are similar and people like that. But of friendship and affection? Well we have to have some degree of affection in our lives or else we wouldn't be alive. Want to fight me on that? Fine, you explain to me how you were able to be carried, born, and raised to enough to make it this far with out affection?

I'm rambling, but who cares? No one is going to read this. It's just me getting it all out.

27 years old. How old will I end up? I don't care about that answer. How old will I be when I find another love? That's the question I can't get out of my head and heart. Will God allow me to find another? Another to find me? Will God find me worthy to be entrusted with another of His daughters after the first? Will I be a good husband? Putting my wife first? I feel like I will, I was immature in my past marriage but I was growing, it was slow but I was learning how to put her first. She'd tell you that that's bullshit, but I challenge her. If she's right, why did I stay by her side on the grass that day? Why did I pray with her in her apartment? Why did I beg and cry and plead for her to come back. All of that after she told me she slept with him... Wow. Do you realise how powerful that is???? I wouldn't take her back now, she rejected her faith, divorced me, and moved in with another man. There is only so much heartbreak I can take. 

I'm looking forward to my next wife. She will be so damned spoiled. I can be sarcastic, even mean, but I'm working on that! I realized that a lot when I was laying it into my dad and my mom - nearly in tears - told me to be nice, If I can't love my family then how can I love my wife? How can I love my wife if I don't love myself? What is "loving yourself"? Seriously? Like do i need to exercise more? Do I need to learn more? Be content just being alone? I don't get it. I'm Brad, Brad's a good man, he is capable of incredible acts of love, he's funny, he's a little bit handsome, he cares about nature, he cares about his Faith. 


