---
layout: Journal
title: who knows
date: 2023-03-10
categories: Journal
---

Why can't I sleep? I'm always having to take to much sleeping medication in order to finally fall asleep. Unless I'm depressed, then I can never seem to get enough caffeine to stay awake. I'm not, like, overly happy or anxious. I'm just chilling. Natural brad is cease-the-day brad. Ugh. But the day never seems to end. I'm finally being healthy and eating right but it gives me so much damned energy that I'm constantly jittery and hyper.

The book "John Dies at the End" raised an interesting point in the most recent chapter. It was that when you read the Bible, the angels and demons you are reading about are aware that you're reading about them. That opening the Bible sheds light on you to demons. Interesting though, I suppose. The reasoning was that "they're beings so they're made aware that they're being made aware of" or something along those lines. But the thing that has me perplexed - we assume they're "beings" like us. We assume that being made in Gods image implies that God is also like us. Is that the case? I'm thinking "prolly not". Gods is Love. We are healthiest when we are in a state of love - why am I so damned energized? because i feel like love is around the corner - maybe it's not. But mental health is strongest when we are in healthy love. That is loving our friends, our significant other, our children, our pets, showing love to a random stranger, volunteering. We are biologically designed to be our best when we are servant leaders. I think that is the image of God - not a bipod with a fluffy white beard. So our implications that God and "beings" of the spiritual side are beings like us. That they think like us and have something in common with us. But I'm starting to think that it's not even close to being true. Our brains work on neuroplastic tunneling. When we learn new things neurons fire and create new tunnels. The more we hone skills the wider the tunnels get and the easier it is for neurons to go from A to B - which is why it all of a sudden seems like the easiest thing in the world. But forming the tunnels is DIFFICULT. ANYWAY.... the entire concept, theory, and reality of our learning and how we think, act, feel, etc. is bound by time. Neurons physically fire and connect in our brains to form thoughts - physically it takes time. Me typing on this computer - the tunnels are thicc AF because i type all the time, but the time it takes to get from "i need to type a 'T'" to actually hitting the keys is actually a significant amount of time. Our whole concept of reality, self awareness, 'being' is directly tied down by time. We can't properly comprehend being outside of time. Even thinking of "oh time is a line and we just sit outside that line and can go where ever" still suggests a "new line" and it's linear flow to go and see "the past, present, future" of this other timeline. To be able to make a decision and then to not make the decision. But the act of making a decision still is based on time. How can we comprehend time? Quantum mechanics has a lot of interesting properties that might help us almost comprehend it? But even still all in this world is bound by time.


We try to understand God by putting Him in our bubble of understanding. The thing is - He invented the bubble, the box, and everything outside of the box. We try to make arguments and logical statements to prove or disprove God but it's really not a matter of that, is it? Faith is the driving force, I know God exists, He is the one and only God. Why do we focus so much on being right when we could be helping those in need? Doing what God had ordained through human writings, the instructions - just love one another. We're put in satans playground as a testament that God is actually the right way and the ways of satan are wrong.

I dont believe that there will ever be a rapture. I believe we'll destroy our planet and our existence just fine by ourselves. In all of human history, I think like 50% of all humans that have existed are currently alive today. We are growing exponentially. We live in the most peaceful times in human history but the normal "purge of men" due to wars isn't happening. I AM NOT SAYING WAR IS GOOD!!! War is *never* good. But we are affecting our planet, corporations are affecting our planet, governments are affecting our planet. We are killing ourselves. I'm not going to lose sleep about it (ironic since i'm literally awake because i cant sleep) and i'm not going to go protest or argue with anyone. Where is the love in that? But I think we all need to just be aware. Love one another, cleanup after each other. Be the servant leaders in this world even when we aren't being watched or have a chance at a reward. That will make a difference.

I think it's so stupid how people are freaking out these days about the end times. You live in the most peaceful and safe period of time in all of human history. How do you think the Jews felt and thought as they were being loaded up on trains and chambers? How do you think the early Christians felt when Nero was lighting the highways in Rome with Christians impaled on stakes and burning. That was right when Jesus left and they certainly thought "ITS TIME!!!" I think every generation thinks "ITS TIME!!" and I think we're all going to be wrong while we think that way. I feel like some churches and groups even use that as an excuse to not achieve. Actually, I know that's a fact because I know a dude who said he never went to schooling because his preacher told him it was a waste of time because Jesus would return and save us all, the dude is like 60 now. I think one of satans tactics is to make us hone in on - and focus on specific words or phrases in the Bible and twist them juuuust right such that it instills fear, anxiety, worry, - anything except Love and servant leadership. But what do I know?

---

I'm going to list some things I've done for me in the last few months:
- learned how to pan sear the following:
  - sirloin
  - new york strip
  - pork chops
  - chicken (and i'm really good at this one)
  - salmon
  - veggies
- I bought a rose bush and am growing it inside
- I got a standing desk for myself
- I put 10,000 in a CD and then when it came up for renewal i put it in another CD
- I started journaling
- I decided to keep the car
- Im starting a regular meetup with some work friends
- I re-organized my office room
- I re-organized my bedroom
- I started drinking wines
- I've read the following:
  - Matthew
  - Mark
  - Luke
  - John
  - The Great Divorce
  - Screwtape Letters
  - A Grief Observed
  - Most of The Four Loves
  - Most of John Dies At The End
  - 50 some-odd days of a daily devotion on mental health
- I automated my bills
- I took a day where i turned off my phone and was just unreachable
- I spent a weekend playing pokemon
- I took the girls on several walks
- I have been walking a LOT more than i used to - even in the cold
- I actually stopped doing peloton regularly because my diet is good but i'm losing weight just by existing and i feel great
- I am experimenting a LOT with seasonings
- I am experimenting with making my tea's more unique
- I had a mental relapse again - but got back on my feet within 4 days
- I've had a few cigars
- I've been getting ideas again for security shenanigans and share them with my friends

There's probably more but I was encouraged to do new things and by jove i've been going ham. I need a hobby though - something not expensive that can keep me entertained that's not work, not videogames, not brain numbing, some creative outlet that allows my mind to work in a different type of way.... actually if i think about it - i'm doing that new hobby right now, aren't I?

I've been here for about and hour and think i'm finally yawning at a frequency that will allow me to actually calm my mind and go to sleep. Cheers

