---
layout: Journal
title: who knows
date: 2023-03-12
categories: Journal
---

Parents just went home. It was a really good visit! Except mom kept playing Diablo on her phone. I mean to be honest I didn't talk all that much - so i'm not actually mad at all. Actually kinda funny. Anyone else and any other situation i woulda said that's rude AF. But the fact that my 60-something mother plays Diablo on her phone because she's the leader of some big clan.... that's hilarious. 

I can't wait to have kids. It's gonna be so much fun. I've seen all manner of folks have kids while they're young and just despise it. But like.... I'm as close to "ready" as i think anyone can really be if i'm being honest. I'm at 6 figures, stable job, no debts that I can't make disappear overnight because i have the capital. I'm mature and patient, i - obviously - have a lot more to learn and grow but imma be the best damned dad ever. I'm really really glad it's not with X. She was so quick to anger and was just ... mean. I got increasingly scared about her being a mother because she would fly off the handles with me - which i could handle, to a degree - but a small child? No way!

Found another interesting aspect of 11. I am yet to formally prove this, but my hypothesis is that all base10 numbers which are palindromes of and even number of digits is divisible by 11.

I don't have much to write today. My dad was telling me that he believes that after life there will be a PHYSICAL Heaven and a PHYSICAL new earth that we'll all "move to". I can't disprove him by any means but I don't know how I feel about that. I think that we are incapable of even comprehending a non-physical type existence due to our limitations of existing in a physical existence. Mankind needs some form of hope to look forward to. We fear that which we don't understand - so we come up with SOMETHING to give us hope for the afterlife. We have written records - some divinely ordained - explaining what it could be like. But i believe it's just written for us to give us hope.

The language structure of an infant is binary. Cry - not cry. That is the natural language structure we are born with to convey meaning. A man can sit with an infant and try to describe how a computer works, they could even try to utilize the natural language structure to convey it.... but it's not going to work. You have to have a better language structure accompanied with a proper interpreter in order to efficiently convey meaning. An infant understand their universe, hungry = cry till fed, uncomfortable = cry till comfortable, scared = cry till safe, etc. Binary. Eventually, we grow in our language structure and start understanding that advanced language structures convey deeper meaning. We are no longer limited to a binary structure of communication - though, do we not regress to it in times of distress and hopelessness. The hope of better life propels us to deeper meaning which requires deeper language structure to convey and quantify it. Many find minimal linguistic structure and find themselves contented and stop expanding. I am NOT talking about linguistics as a form of written/spoken communication. Linguistics of our mind. Our brains are advanced dynamic interpreters. We can choose to stop expanding them and that state is where we will exist. Or we can grow. It's our choice. Convey meaning and interpret meaning. Linguistics, mathematics, theology, and philosophy are the tools of growth. Many will disagree with theology, I acknowledge this, but my challenge would be what do they believe in? "oh i dont believe in any form of god" - that's not what i'm asking - do you believe you can excel in life? do you believe you can learn from your past mistakes? Do you believe that the furnace is hot? Believe and Faith are a vital part of our existence. Without faith and believe we would continue to touch the hot stove. "idiot - ever heard of conditioning?", probably.... But if you don't believe that your life has meaning and purpose then why are you still alive? Scared of death, why? you havent experienced that.... so if you dont have a belief structure of some sort... how can you function? Food for thought.

linguistics - convey and interpret meaning. My midsection feels weird and i feel fatigued, i should probably eat: interpretation.
mathematics - advanced form of linguistics used to understand the reasoning as to why my midsection felt weird - how that correlates to fatigue and why and how i got to my interpreted result.
theology - the believe and faith that my interpretation is correct
philosophy - the deeper exploration of theology

Idk dawg, mayhaps i jus trippin, yo. We's gunna think bout dis sheit. Food. for. thought.

