---
layout: Journal
title: who knows
date:   2023-03-07
categories: Journal
---

I don't know what to write today but I find tremendous relief when getting it all out. I really want a handful of people to read this but also I don't want anyone to read this. Why is that, I wonder? I want -- REDACTED -- to see me as a thinker - I'm not just some drama-llama, i'm a real man who really likes her and wants to form a deeper relationship. I want X to read this so she can see how much better my life is. She left a king for a pile of mud - i feel no remorse. My parents said "we lost a daughter and our son's wife - double whamy" buuuulllllshit. i'm over it dawg. You all helped by being there and helping me sell the house but i kinda got the short end of the stick and i'm really happy it's over. She was a very mean person. I was a horrible husband too but I'm 139 days porn free - i told her it was a wake up call.... i woke up. I've lost 40 lbs for ME - i broke porn addiction for ME - i'm keeping the car for ME - i'm lonely, sure who wouldnt be, but THIS IS MY LIFE. FUCKING PHOENIX HERE BABY!!!!!!!!!11 CONQUER THE MONSTER IN YOUR HEAD THEN YOU'LL FLY!!!! i love that song, it's my theme song now, ive just decided.

Fight me.

It's rare for me to be in a "you're a cool dude, brad" mode. But I'm really good at tech. Cloud Security + Web applications + linux + python. I'm a lot better than people give me credit for. I just never know what to make as a side project. I tried that poetry-shell thingy but i didnt like it after a while. It was a neat concept but I wasn't having fun anymore, why do a side project if you're not learning and having fun. I wouldnt mind playing with a personal AWS account but i'm scared of a credit card bill that'll send me 3 lifetimes into debt. Thats such a horrid excuse. i'm just lazy right now. I need something to build. Want a containerized pipeline? I can figure that out in no time. Want a powershell script? gimme a day. want the equivalent in bash? gimme 5 minutes. Complain that burp suite community isn't powerful enough for you??? False, you just dont know how to use extensions yet. Lets sit down and lemme show you how to download 32MB of raw text from Offensive-Security learnings backend. Not an IDOR if it's not insecure! not my fault they exposed their api...

Mega software engineering projects i get analysis paralysis because i KNOW the technologies we need to use BUT I loathe OOP. Seriously, who actually likes it? Who can pick up code and go "oh yes, that factory of factories for that polymorphic blah blah blah. Code is constructed the way it is so HUMANS can read it. We are blessed these days with more RAM than we need, so write it so a human can read it. this isnt 1984. Believe it or not... even though sometimes it feels like 1984 (the book) dont get me started. I find nothing beneficial from politics. If we can sit down and talk as philosophers, understanding each other, communicating with each other then we could get somewhere. But this "you're wrong because my worldview/upbringing says it is" it's just not fair! What man would say to his wife "you're opinion and worldview is wrong, idiot" not a real man, that's for damned sure! Sit down and communicate!!! Another of the enemies ways at de-humanizing us. I feel satan just pokes the fire and lets us fuel it. Like lesser-demons TEMPT, satan and greater demons dont need to, they just sit back and grab the popcorn after stirring the pot a little bit. 

I was talking with someone today about unrealistic beauty standards in women. I find it absolute bullshit what little girls grow up with in this society. Imperfection is sexy. The media over uses photoshop to make the "perfect woman". Victorias Secret is she's a old fat dude in ohio with photoshop (that's not organic, its a song but it's right). Satan's goal is to take us away from each other. Make women focus on their vanity and get rid of their uniqueness. They'll work on making themselves "perfect" and if people don't look enough, maybe they do things that make people look. TikTok dances where they shake body parts KNOWING they'll get more views. Maybe they wear revealing clothing? Maybe they start posting pictures or videos of themselves nude. They want to be seen, want to be adored, want to be different. Meanwhile, men are tricked into hunting down the "hottest chick". As they look they see the the pictures the images, the pornography which fuels their addiction. The more men look at pornography, the more they focus and program their brains to look for perfection. "girl in this video isnt hot enough", "her boobs are good enough", "her ass is to small" IT'S A FUCKING TRAGEDY!!!!!!!! I HATE THIS!!!!! We are being programmed to view women as [Object object] instead of daughter of Christ, a beautiful human, someone with ambitions, thoughts, fears, love. Men continue to look at porn looking for "better girls" and girls just want to be the "better girls". I fell into this trap for so long, it's HARD to break the cycle, but it's worth the effort. We fuel each others fires. 

The best state one can be in financially is to have their money earn enough money to allow them to be self sufficient. Is this the same mindset with sin for demons? Make the sin so subtle and self-fueling that there doesnt even need to be intervention. Play with a lil vanity and free-will and you can influence nations. My dad has on some occasions said, "If satan himself was tempting me, i dont think it'd be physically possible for me to resist." I do and dont agree with this statement - i do agree because we wouldnt even know we're being tempted or falling away. I don't because satan is nothing. Maybe a player in the game. But like people fear CEOs because of this perceived power - they're just humans. Satan is just a demon, one that fell from Heaven for blasphemy. I realize I'm kind of knocking down my hierarchical structure but that's not the point. The point is for me to write what i need to so that i can clear my mind from continuous thoughts that don't need to plague my mind anymore. Though i find i write stuff that i'm passionate about. Sometimes maybe i need to write about passion, maybe sometimes i just need to talk shit. 
