---
layout: Journal
title: who knows
date:   2023-03-06
categories: Journal
---

Am I crazy? I feel like people think I am, but am I really?? Do other people have this thought ringing around in their brain, bouncing back and forth like pong?

Why do I feel happiest when I'm loved? Not the "oh we're friends" but like "I like you" kind of love? I don't even know if it's true, so why do I obsess over it?????????? SOMEONE HELP ME!!

Love is the strongest motivator. Without it, I feel empty. I hate this, I feel like others STRIVE on being alone, they just kick ass and take names. But me, I just sit back and wonder if I'll ever get that again. That's so sad. God has a plan for my life and this is all very short sited, but every ping of pong makes me tick even more. Focused on the seconds, the clacking of the metronome. tick tick tick tick tick tick tick. Each tick in the past, as immutable as when X left. Equally as unimportant. The difference is how deep the neuroplastic tunnels are. Maybe I'll be healed someday completely. Will I be allowed to forget X? or are those tunnels to dug in? The metronomes ticks last but seconds, if that. New tunnel that collapses itself in a moment. The tick might as well have happened in the same moment i learned of the affair. But in this world what has greater depth? Who knows...

I find myself less and less looking forward to work being over as the days go by. I don't like being alone. I don't look forward to weekends. I turned off my phone this past weekend and 2 texts. 1 was my dad asking if I wanted a dog house, the other was Kyle asking where I went on friday. Bunch of nothing. I watched a few movies, slept too much. Mental relapse number 3. Luckily these are getting quicker and quicker to resolve themselves.

I need a hobby.

I want a girl who is gentle. someone who is sweet and soft spoken. someone mysterious. Adventurous, i wanna go on adventures around the world with her, climb mountains, swim in oceans, hike through fields, tread through streams. I want a girl who's a thinker, truly, can sit down and talk on a philosophical level without getting mad. A woman on fire for God, obviously. A woman who is beautiful! Ideally someone kinda techy who i can talk about work with. I would love it if she liked playing videogames! someone to do coop games with. what a dream. I want her to be fun and silly with me. Someone who i can feel completely open with, no judgement, just love and tenderness. I wanta girl with a short skirt, and a looooooooooooong jacket.

I pray i find her soon. And that she finds me! I want to be her hero, her knight in shining armor. I want her to feel safe with me, loved by me, liked by me, like i'm her one and only. I want that legendary level love. It takes work! it takes learning the love languages and TRULY WORKING for each other. We'll have our ups and downs like everyone. But a love worthy of ballads is NOT out of reach. I'll find her I know it. If I don't, then i suppose what's the point? What is a man without a legacy and a life of love?

If I were to guess, I would say that it wasnt Satan himself, who convinced X to do what she did. I would say it was a petty lesser demon, if such hierarchical structures exist. I have found that the better a mentor is, the more they leave it up to their mentee to brew and figure it out. I feel this concept also falls in the realm of evil. For what is a greater evil? The band-aid was ripped from my skin upon X cheating, revoking her faith and divorcing me. I was left alone, desolate, curious as to what my purpose was, constant whispers to look Henry in the eyes. Who was the attack against? X is off in another world, away from the King. I survived and am closer to the King, tho i'm angry and fearful - which implied that i doubt His power - doubt being the opposite of faith. I have a lot more to grow. That's okay. But what would that marriage have yielded? what was so important that the enemy chose to end it? Jokes on him, for God has bigger, better plans. But back to the point, i wonder if "lesser" demons like Wormwood are in the business of extremes and "do this NOW". We've all driven on a bridge and gotten the strange urge to swerve off, or to jump off that cliff after climbing that mountain. Some are susceptible to that kind of temptation, which is very sad. I feel as though if Satan himself was to temp me then everything would feel as though I am moving closer to God but in fact I'm moving further away. The most deceptive lies are those that are true. How words and emphasis can be twisted in our pathetic languages to make truths also lies.

From a purely mathematical perspective, can there exists a question which has two (or more) correct answers such that an answer contradicts another answer? In english language and the realm of opinion we encounter this paradox all the time. Is it a paradox? Maybe I'm ignorant, maybe there is a mathematical structure which allows such theorem. Perhaps that's the foundation of quantum mechanics but i'm not nearly smart enough to understand that stuff to the degree i care to learn it. God has us in His arms, allows us these questions and this perplexion. The ability to think freely and to be allowed to learn and discover as much as we want. The further we look inwards the more we find that it always gets smaller. The further we look outwards the more we see. Infinitely small and infinitely large. We will never run out of more to discover. With the discovery and research of quantum mechanics we're not only learning about smaller structures but a whole new realm of mathematics. This is incredibly amusing to me because quantum really took our "perfect mathematical structures" and flipped it on it's head. "Hey guess what, this is impossible you say?? well here you go.... it's impossible but it's also happening, so.... figure that one out ;)" what a blessing.

Our language is such a weak expression of communication. Especially written. One would think that writing it down would yield concrete meaning. But's that not the truth, it's funny. The more concrete we try to get with out language the more dynamic it seems to become. It's no wonder, our interpreters are also flawed. Imagine having to write a programming language that allows all manners of interpreters to be able to interpret it - dont say HTML... i knew you were going to say HTML.... Well fine, HTML, write an application that reacts completely the same in each browser. You certainly can, but if I told you to create a construct that actually made a difference, and make IT word differently in each browser, oooh buddy, would you be able to do it? Really? If I asked you to write a modern application that works everywhere the same way in each browser and is something actually usable and functional?? There is no doubt, it's technically possible and feasible to create something so concrete that it CAN be interpreted the same way to all in HTML. HOWEVER, we're still taking about a language which is mathematically defined, not a butchered scrambled-egg casserole of language - that is English. Not saying other languages are any better except perhaps those that get closer to the original language God gave us. But that was lost at Babel. I suspect it was something more pragmatic. Maybe? maybe it wasn't. I'm no linguist.

My favorite number is 11. It's such a beautiful number. In our native tongue, base10, it's a prime which is a unique subset of numbers. In base2 it's 3, which i find absolutely beautiful. Base2 is the ultimate foundation of all mathematics and machines as it's the smallest base with which we can do anything with. Infact, base2 is SO powerful, it has been chosen as the foundational structure that makes modern computers run. True and False. True and False. True and False. How incredible, with just that we can construct machinery which is capable of sending mankind to other planets. Is capable of letting humans talk to other on the other side of the world in real time. Back to the point Brad. 11. One and One come together and are really 3. You can only see two ones, but there is three, with one unseen but the one unseen makes the 11 be the 3. Isn't that beautiful? God designed that on purpose. When a man and woman come together in Holy matramony they are 1 and 1 coming together to be 11 but without God they are nothing, they have to be 3. The two 1's together held together by the unseen to make the most powerful base system in mathematics mean 3. HOW AWESOME IS THAT?!??

True and False, true and false, yes and no, good and evil. Our existence is a binary structure, mathematically pure in order to demonstrate, what? Does God not love Satan? Is Satan not part of Gods creation? Is our existence a large elaborate binary machine created to show Satan that evil is not the way? A binary machine that is not necessarily reprogrammable but influenceable. What kind of a machine would that be? Turing machines are reprogrammable, but imagine a machine that is programmed (for basic biological structure) that is influenceable. The out come is dependent on free-will. How can you add free-will to a machine? True free-will. Influenceable by good and evil, learn from past mistakes, be able to see future mistakes and choose something else - i.e. wisdom. 

That's the beautiful part of 11. But also it has other unique properties. Even with base1, 1 and 1 = N+1 such that N is the base number. You can say "well sure, braaaad but what about 12? isnt it the same except N+2?" and i will say "no, but you know what's beautiful? N+2 = (N+1)+1 which till contains the three"... because that doesnt apply to all bases. All of mathematics cries to the trinity. Though, am i even correct. Base mathematics rely on symbols representing meaning such that the amount of symbols is defined by N in BaseN. However, there are astounding mathematical connections between base2, base10 and base16. Makes me wonder, if there is a whole realm of mathematics hidden in plain sight. How much has base mathematics been explored? Is there such thing as base-algebra? surely there has to be! Why wouldnt there be? it just hasnt been explored yet. or maybe i'm just ignorant on the subject. Is that why i'm here? What applications does base-algebra have i wonder? With the exploration of base mathematics, could it be possible that "imaginary bases" exist? can we have a negative base? Logically that makes no sense, but logically sqrt(-4) also makes no damned sense but that has applications. 

Am i modern philosopher? or a babbling idiot? I hope to be the former, but suspect i'm more the latter. Oh well. Not going to stop me.

Let us consider Theseus' Ship. A ship - in this case, made entirely of wood - has a piece replaced on it. And later it has another piece, and another, and eventually every single piece of the ship is replaced. Is it the same ship?

What an intriguing question. Some may say "yes", so addressing that, when did it officially make it's transition from old ship to new ship? was every piece added a new ship? Was it the last piece? the midway point piece? What quantified it to be a new ship? Is it time? what is time? is it the amount of carbon decay in the wood? What if i took the ship, and right beside it I had every single piece to create a duplicate ship. So i take one piece from the pile and replace it on the ship that's standing. Meanwhile, i take the old piece and set it to the side and start construction of a new - identical - ship. When i'm done, which is the original ship? A convoluted way of putting together a new ship, but quite effective and quality focused. Get back on track, brad. What is the original ship? Would that change the answer to those whom replied with "yes" originally? Well then I would challenge them. How much time needs to pass for each repair to quantify a new ship? Interesting.

I am part of the "no" crowd. If nothing more, for the following. If we believe that after time and repairs that it's a new ship then how beautiful is it that all of our cells in our body shed every several years? Can anyone say they were the same person mentally, physically, emotionally, spiritually as they were 10 years ago? We still have scars which is God allowing us to see how far we've come. Removing pieces of the ship doesnt mean it's no longer a ship. Replacing a damaged board with an identically damaged board, doesn't make the board worthless. It shows the character and the adventure the ship has been on. Back to the point - us. I am certainly not the same person i was 10 years ago. I wouldn't even recognize myself. I have mental scars too, but out brains are neuroplastic. Our neurons physically create tunnels in our brain, the more we thing about certain things the more concrete and wider those tunnels get. The more we focus and think about things the wider those tunnels get and the wider they get the easier it is for neurons to travel down them in the future. Literally, what we think about most physically manifests itself. WE ARE WHAT WE THINK!!!! PHYSICALLY!!!! But if we do not think down certain paths, then those tunnels start to close up, maybe to make room for new tunnels? It's a physical scar on our brains the hurt we go through. Time really does heal all wounds the longer we are away from it and dont focus on it. We were literally designed that way. But back to the point, eventually those tunnels close the more we don't thing about them. Long-term memory can only last so long. At some point we lose it. I'm rambling. Anyway, back to my point! If every cell in my body gets replaced, I am a new "version of Brad". That means, in a few short years I will be a complete new version of Brad that X never touched. I find great comfort in that...

Can I claim virginity if I'm not with someone between now and then (oh GAWD, i really hope it's not that long for me to find my darling love, my chosen soulmate)? Now that's kind of a cheeky statement, I'll admit that. But if there are no children, no scaring or lasting effects because I have no STD's and never got STI's then, what's to say that I'm not a virgin if everything is considered? The old version of Brad wasn't, but what about the new one? Interesting, challenge for the "no it's a different ship" crowd, now isn't it?

The best part about this question is that there are no right answers. It's a paradox. This makes me wonder if there are valid questions that have only right answers, if everything is the right answer, then there exists a subset of answers which directly contradict a subset of other answers. Take opinions out of the equation "do you like pizza?".... that's kind of cheating. but then again... is it? Or is it a valid question. For one it's "yes" for others it's "no" two contradicting but correct answers. I don't like that, I would be more interested in something more mathematical or concrete. 

Is Jesus not that paradox though? Let's think about this, now know that the above was meditated on, now I'm getting to my "off the cuff" writing. But Jesus is both Man and God. Mortal and Immortal. Jesus died, yet He lived (insert meme here). Now that's not matter of opinion. That's straight facts. Even those who are smart and don't believe know that there is more physical evidence that Jesus died and rose from the dead then there is evidence that George Washington even existed. How funny is that? Anyway. Is Jesus a Mortal? Yes. Is Jesus Immortal? Yes. Now those aren't contradictory answers to the same question, but contradictory statements. I might be full of it, but i find this curious.

Wait, isn't there some famous set-theory paradox that is a question with two correct answers such that they contradict each other? maybe it was with combinatorics? My discrete math was never really super sharp.  


Wow i feel great, you're such a good therapist. Way better than my actual one, he's a cool dude but he doesn't say anything I don't already know. Which makes me feel worse. Sometimes I just need to get stuff off my chest. I wrote day 1 - divorce day down physically in a journal and tucked it away in my storage unit so I never have to think about it again. I really like typing, i feel like a pianist when i type. It's magical almost, therapeutic. And I can say so much more, i put this out there on the internets in hope that someone reads it, but also hidden enough that no one really finds it.

I have an idea for a book i want to write someday. Maybe i start by writing it here? Like how "John Dies at the End" was written one chapter at a time? That'd be cool. But basically it's a fictional account of Heaven before creation. The reason behind creation. All that. Obviously a fiction, I won't go around saying this is the truth, just an interpretation that made sense to me. A story of true friendship love - the strongest of the loves. God loves us so much that He allows us to be pit up against Satan, and even ON Satan's turf. Now those are facts, that's life for us. But the question i asked myself a long time ago is why? Is it for us? Or is it for a love that was once lost? The Bible and other ancient texts articulate the strength and importance of friends. Modern "scholars" say that they were all just gay, that's not always true. I mean sure, the Romans had - arguably - inappropriate relations with their apprentices but that's a different thing. I'm talking Gilgamesh and Enkidu, Jonathan and David, that kind of friendship and love. What if that was the kind of love between God and Satan? The great tragedy of fear, envy corrupted the eternal friendship and this existence is just a friend reaching out to His great love showing how His friends ways are flawed and wrong. Jesus is our comforter, our redeemer. Can Satan not get on his knees and plead forgiveness from God? What would happen if he did? What if any of the fallen angels begged for forgiveness? Are they capable? How would God treat them? If a demon begged God for forgiveness, would God accept them back into Heaven? To be with the Father and to willingly choose "no, you're not the way" and to realize that they were wrong. Would God forgive them? If you say "no" then how can God forgive us? Are we not in His presence when we are alone and praying to Him? We don't see His face for we aren't capable or perceiving such glory - allegedly. But why would God allow us to be forgiven and not a demon? If a demon is so far gone that they are incapable of even asking for forgiveness, then what made them choose that? 

Satan chose to fall. That implies that free-will also exists in Heaven. How could one be in such glory and choose to fall away? What does Satan know? Is he truly lost? Is he so far gone that he is incapable of asking for forgiveness? Does he truly see how wrong he is? Are mere humans capable of comprehending the reasoning? We can come up with theory over theory but in the end, it doesn't really matter does it?

Did Satan have a choice? He chose to fall away, or did he? Does the existence of an all good God imply an all evil Satan such that it's reality? We ask questions given our realm of physics, mathematics, linguistics, reasoning.... all of which God invented for us. Are we capable of comprehending the reasoning? What is God trying to tell us? I think that's a dumb question, He's telling us to just trust Him and love one another. What a difficult task. But how simple. Why can't we just listen to Him and trust Him? Oh right, we're in Satan's playground. Literally, in his realm allowed to see what his world yields, and after thousands of years and billions of test subjects, he still can't come to grips with the fact that God is right. I suppose it's maybe a little different if Satan is outside of time. Create a being, give them free will to choose their path, and put them in the realm of the enemy and STILL we turn to God. What a testament is that? What a victory! But what does that mean for Satan? he lost the ultimate game, and still refuses to bow to the King.

My book is going to be a FICTION about an interaction between God and Satan starting at the beginning of Heaven. I will write this book. I think I might start soon. They say that tragedy brings about the best literature, but I find I am strengthened by love. And i see NOTHING wrong with that. I will love and be loved. I will have a great love. Legendary, something to write ballads about. No one can say it won't be so! It will be so!!! Not every day is going to be fairly tale, life is hard, marriage is hard - i should know!!! But I know how great it can be!! I'm FREE OF PORN! FUCK YOU SATAN 135+ DAYS!!!!! Everyday is a battle but my next wife will get a pure heart!! I am a broken man. But I believe in love. I believe that God has better for me. God is good!! We may live our lives in Satans playground but I see a good life with a wonderful loving wife, children who will grow up being warriors for God! Grandchildren to spoil! A life full and rich. This is just temporary paralysis - as Murdock would say.

I, Brad, am a good man. I am the hero in this tale. I'm just still on the journey! I will NOT give up. Every day that Satan lies to me about suicide is another day that I am reminded that he wants me to do that because he fears who I am, and what love I'm capable of. Pathetic attempts at my life will yield nothing. I am stronger than that. I am a warrior, baby. You won't get me. Pathetic little shit.
