---
layout: Journal
title: who knows
date: 2023-03-13
categories: Journal
---

God's plan is so good. So why do we always seem to fight it? If I have fear for the future, am I not trusting God? And if I am not trusting God then I don't have faith in Him. How sad is that? As we are bound by time we need daily reminders that God has the perfect plan and we should hope for His will. God, the creator of the entire universe, mathematics, reasoning, philosophy, everything.... He has a plan. Who are we to doubt that plan? It's like any movie we watch now a days with a plan. Is there not a moment where the audience is left going "oooooh snaappppppp!!" and then blown away by the magnificent plan coming together out of nowhere? God is so much greater. It's when we finally give into Him that He seems to reveal the plans. That's scary for me, I don't want to give in, I want to be in control and cease the day. But is that not a testament to my doubt? What a difficult state to be in. 

God allows us to go through great struggles to sharpen us. How useful is a dull knife? All it seems to do is hurt us. God is looking for warriors who are sharpened by enduring and fighting this world. We have NO IDEA what the next life holds. This is our boot-camp for faith. 

Is it fair for me to believe that God has a beautiful marriage and family planned for me in the future? It's me hoping and praying for that to come true. What if it doesn't come true? A desire of my heart is to have a legendary love and to raise children. Is that selfish? I don't think so, I have hope that God has an amazing life for me in the future. But I recognize that I think I need to drop the endless pursuit of this and focus on Him. That doesn't feel fair because of my continued interest in -- REDACTED --. If it's not her, then God has someone else that'll fit better or I'll be better alone. That's a depressing thought, but I suppose He knows what's best for me and for -- REDACTED --. I don't want to be a burden to someones life as I don't want someone to be a burden to mine. Marriage is, of course, difficult at times. The legendary passionate love requires a TON of work. More work than anything else. I believe it'd be easier to master quantum mechanics than to master true legendary love. But I don't give a shit about quantum mechanics in all actuality. I care about loving and being loved. To hold someone and be held. To grow old with someone and to put in the work such that I still want to hold her hand when we're 80 years old and all wrinkly. To look back at life and have no regrets.

We tend to view life in such short-term thinking. At least, I do.... "It's my money and i want it now" tends to be the theme of life more often than not. I KNOW that God is working on something in my life and my constant "DO IT NOOOOOW" is just postponing it. My confusion is in how I am to just submit? My delima is with -- REDACTED -- because i dont know what submitting to God and trusting Him looks like while continuing to be friends with -- REDACTED --. I dont know what that looks like. I suppose I just need to focus more on my relationship with God and trust that my friendship with -- REDACTED -- will go as far as God wants it to, regardless of the outcome. That's so damned hard to submit to. I feel like I KNOW what the outcome NEEDS to be. But then again, I KNEW the outcome that "NEEDED" to happen with K.... also "KNEW" the outcome that i "NEEDED" from X. Both I look back on and am pleased with the outcome that happened. One relationship didn't go far at all and I'm glad because we had different ambitions. The other relationship went really really far, but i'm glad in the outcome because of how much I learned and how much i've grown in the process. The ability to take on a near impossible situation to survive through and to cease the day. How many get that kind of an opportunity. How much goes God trust me to allow satan to put such a strain on my life and mental being and here I am less than a year later praising God for this. I Am incredibly thankful because God's good is so much better than what I had. God is so good and life is such a blessing. 

Daily reminders - daily bread. 

