---
layout: Journal
title: who knows
date: 2023-04-13
categories: Journal
---


It's currently 3:30AM. I just awoke from a peculiar dream.

X had come home. I was living in missouri with fam an X came back into the scene. Everyone was happy except me. I started to just go with it but wasn't happy and was uneasy with it all.

- REDACTED - had text me, nothing in particular, just the sound of the notification from her, and it just seemed to all click logically in my head.

X got mad at nothing and was pushing her anger out on me - not unusual. And in that she brought up "well you're just a freak addicted to porn. If you were a real man and truly loved me you would stop looking at porn". Which i informed her that i was 175 days (actual number and i remembered it in my dream) clean. She refused to believe me because that would mean I stopped looking when I was alone and when she was finally out of the picture.... which is all true.

I couldnt seem to convince her. We had a fight and finally i pulled her aside and into the garage and said:

    look, i have 3 secrets i'm not sharing, but im ready to share them now
    1. I am texting a girl named - REDACTED -.
    2. I have NO intention of stopping.
    3. I choose her over you anyday.
    remember, you left me.

X got really mad and upset, screamed at me more and finally i said: "Look, you divorced me, right now you're no different from anyone i see on the street. i do not love you anymore and i refuse to get back with you. We're divorced, get used to it and get out of my life."

X got REALLY MAD and screamed, i followed up: "What if i told you - REDACTED - and i slept with each other? We havent, but what if we did?? because THAT'S WHAT YOU DID TO ME"

She then stormed off, got into a green kayak and started kayaking down the hill on Ivy Lane while a rude, seemeingly deaf lady started mowing the parents lawn.

Everyone in my family was upset with me, in fact my parents text X and said she can have some financial support and that i was making a mistake. But it was SO vivid to me.... i made no mistake at all. I stood up for myself and took control of my life with what truly makes me happy and what doesnt. Dont care what others think anymore. I'm really glad i had this dream and i'm really happy i wrote it down. It felt so vivid and real, i felt so clear in my mind with my decisions.
