---
layout: Journal
title: who knows
date: 2023-03-21
categories: Journal
---

It's been a while since I've written here. This is such a good outlet. I read the chapter on `Eros` in Lewis' The Four Loves book. It was not at all what I was expecting. As a matter of fact, it took my assumptions and explicitly threw them out the window in the first paragraph. Eros is not all about sexuality, actually that's such a minor aspect of the love. It's actually an extremely minor aspect of the love. Eros has been perverted in this modern era. The exponential raise of pornographic material. Remember a few days ago I talked about how men and women fuel each others fires in terms of sins? Well this revelation just further justifies my theories. The raise in pornographic material exposes young men to the joys of sex through the form of addiction. I almost wrote that "pornography fills the void in young mens drive", but that's wrong. Pornography *creates* a void that can only be filled with itself. What a horrid sin. Like heroin, once you have taken heroin (not speaking from experience, I'm proud to say I've never done drugs and have no intentions or desires to) you have a sort of dependency on it - the more you take, the greater the dependency, yielding a increasingly difficult escape from it. 

Pornography is the man who has to dig his own grave. Dig your hole, then fill yourself with it. But that's not even a good allegory. A sin which creates an even stronger desire for itself. Remember my writings before on comparing ideal money management with ideal temptation tactics? I'm not wrong.

Back to my original point - pornography goes on the raise to the point that it's actually fairly difficult to avoid regardless of addiction. The deeper this void becomes and the more the sin lies that it'll fill that void if you just keep adhering to the in-human (that'll make sense later) demands of trying to fill it with itself. Our minds program themselves with what we think about the most. A young man will experience the brief euphoria of sexual appetite and their addiction will begin. Their minds are - maliciously - programmed to view sexuality as the "ultimate goal". Women are not oblivious to this, in fact they're made quite aware in their most vulnerable times of their lives as they interact with the young men who are being brain-washed by the enemy. The man, eager to achieve the goal, makes advances. The woman, eager to be loved, give in believing this is what eros is. Eros is a valid love that has 1% to do with boinking and 99% with seeing another human being as being better than the rest in your eyes. Porking is not the ultimate goal!!! The goal is to achieve your PhD in your chosen person.

How does one "get their PhD in another person". Let's evaluate the purpose of a PhD at it's core. A fellow pursues an area of study such that they understand an aspect of a subject to a degree that no one else does. Once a candidate believes they have achieved the REQUIREMENTS to be able to achieve this level of intimacy with their chosen subject they present their evidence to a board of those who have achieved this. If they can prove that they have the REQUIREMENTS to be able to achieve what no one else can to a degree never seen before, the board awards the candidate a seat at the table. That's the CORE of PhD - not necessarily the real world practice. 

Now let's apply that to eros: A fellow pursues another person such that they understand that person to a degree that no one else in the world does. To know someone better than they know themselves. That is a singular requirement, but eros is so much more than a singularity. Anyone can spend enough time with someone and be able to predict emotions and reaction about those they observe better than the observed can. With eros - this is almost the definition of "learning to draw within the lines" in kindergarten. To truly understand someone, their complete ins and outs, of their entire life requires careful, dedicated review of their entire life! Often we miss crucial years of our chosen persons adolescence which yields critical information. So, is it impossible then??? Absolutely not! What that means is that you get to not only observe the life of your subject but ALSO you get to work at understanding them deeper than mere observation allows. To quantify the reasoning behind behaviors; not strictly on a logical basis but on an intimate level. Communication is key! Without valid communication you WILL NOT be able to achieve this deeper, critical, understanding. Upon further study of your subject you'll also encounter them in fields they've never been in - such as child rearing. An act that allows you to quite intimately "study" and participate in your subjects growth. To explore new fields that can only be done together. That's so beautiful, because remember - you're their subject in their PhD pursuit. Ask any PhD candidate at a University (well, maybe not *all* PhD candidates - some degrees are better than others) how much work is required to achieve their goal and they'll tell you all manner of stories where they've spent weeks crying and losing hair.

It's not all flowers and chocolates. Sorry, but St. Valentine was kinda beaten to death. It takes work on a level that few these days seem to acknowledge or pursue. We get comfortable in our materialistic lives. Focused so much on the "end goal" of sexuality that we miss the mark of being human once again. All a part of the enemies goals. He sits in a corner laughing his ass off at our struggle. If demons live off of energy of sin, then I believe they've figured out perpetual energy. True eros is being in love and working for that love. Choosing your one and only and being with them for eternity! I thought "friendship" was my favorite love because I thought eros was just boinking - I am happy to admit I was mistaken and am enamored by eros. (haha) This is the love I desire. The love that I crave that family cannot quench. It's literally impossible for them to, I know we're missourians but that's far enough north for me to say that's impossible. 

Friendship and affection I can be handed hand-over-fist, but eros is the cookie jar that's just out of reach. I keep trying to force myself taller to get the cookie jar, instead of going to the Creator of the cookie I so desire, and asking for guidance and help to achieve the sweet. I'm close, I can just about taste it but I still have a lot to learn and grow.
